doc: explain licenses in ncs (#5813)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/introduction.rst

The revision of each of those repositories is determined by the current revision of the main (or manifest) repository, ``sdk-nrf``.
It contains the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the west tool.

About the |NCS| license
***********************

> We keep licenses close to the source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Licenses are close to the source files.
```
are kept? Or perhaps just 'are' is enough.

Author: fair point, rephrased

You can find a :file:`LICENSE` file, containing the details of the license, at the top of every |NCS| repository.
Each file included in the repositories also has an `SPDX identifier`_ that mentions this license.

> If a folder or set of files is open source and included in NCS under its own license (for example, any of the Apache or MIT licenses), it will have either its own :file:`LICENSE` file included in the folder or the license information embedded inside each one of the source files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a folder or set of files is open source and included in NCS under its own license (for example, any of the Apache or MIT licenses), it will have either its own :file:`LICENSE` file included in the folder or the license information embedded inside the source files themselves.
```

> If a folder or set of files is open source and included in NCS under its own license (for example, any of the Apache or MIT licenses), it will have either its own :file:`LICENSE` file included in the folder or the license information embedded inside each one of the source files.

Reviewer 3: NCS -> |NCS|
